Hi, guys, this is a quick lesson on AWB conflict.
This is a service that may come up for maybe one question in your exam, but it's definitely worth covering
off just so that you know what it is, because it's also a useful tool that you might come across in
your day to day work.
AWB conflict gives you a resource inventory.
So what it does is it will inventory your resources.
And what we're talking about here is their configuration.
So it creates a configuration item for each of your resources.
And these are just a few examples services.
This could include pretty much anything in AWB and within your account.
So it creates a configuration history for your resources in AWB.
And what it can also do then is alert you if your resources change from that state.
So we call that the desired state.
So we create a desired state in AWB config.
We say, for instance, we want to make sure that our security group has a certain rule that blocks
support or Amazon EC2 instance must have a certain configuration applied for monitoring.
And then we can check periodically to make sure that our resources do match that desired configuration.
And if they don't match that desired configuration, then we can actually send an alert through S.A.C.
and we can also perform remediation actions to try and rectify the issue.
Now the configuration is stored in S3, so the configuration items for each of your resources, all
that history is actually stored in S3 and we'll have a look into an extra bucket where this information
stored when we do the lab after the ferry section.
So when configuration changes occur, that information gets sent to AWEX config and then config will
evaluate the configuration against the desired configurations that you have configured within HWC config.
And then after it's evaluated the configuration, it will display that information and dashboards.
So you can see it with Benowitz config and then also it can send it via S.A.S..
So a bit more background on config conflicts, a fully managed service that provides you with an AWB
resource inventory configuration, history and configuration change notifications for security and governance
so you can discover existing resources, export a complete inventory of your resources with all configuration
details, and also determine how a resource was configured at any point in time.
So you can go back in time and look at how was this particular Ekta instance configured when some kind
of service issue occurred.
You could use these capabilities to enable compliance auditing, security analysis, resource change,
tracking and troubleshooting so you can assess, audit and evaluate configurations of your resources.
So really useful for configuration management as part of an Excel program.
Now, you might be wondering what is the difference then between config and cloud trail?
Because we talked a bit about auditing here.
So Cloud Trail is also about auditing.
Remember Kotaro records user API activity on your accounts, so it allows you to see who did what at
a point in time, whereas config records point in time, configuration details for your resources as
configuration items.
So you use config to answer the question, what did my resource look like at a specific point in time?
Whereas you use cloud trail to answer the question, who made an API call to modify this resource?
So you might use these two tools together, but they do slightly different things.
So hopefully that clears that up.
And what we'll do next is we're going to go into the management console and we're going to have a look
at AWB config and we're going to set up a simple rule and see it in action.